
DEFAULT DARK MAROON: #531613 / rgb(125, 19, 19)
DEFAULT CREAM COLOR: #fdfcf8 / rgb(253, 252, 248)
HIGHWAY MAROON: #692e2c / rgb(105,46,44)

Error handle - no two trees at same location... PROBLEM

Investigate why user location is no longer visible.

Figure out how get the Center Map Button to work on MapScreen, exorcise ghost

Search by tree type in top Search Field. Make sure map as well as Drawer List is updated upon searching

Add a way to deal with Verified Trees. Likely through an admin account on the app itself. 

If the user has not made any trees- make a rendered <View> saying "There are no trees" or something along those lines on MyTrees

Ensure the geolocator tracks location- i THINK it simply finds initial location.

Add error handling for Tree Location input. Primarily, ensure the inputted Tree is within a certain radius from user location. This is to ensure the Google Maps API didn't put the tree in some insanse spot as it's prone to do sometimes...

Need to render loading screen logic in places... too lazy to check which ones right now.

Customize the window that opens on the map when hovering over a tree // OPEN UP DETAILS IN THE DRAWER UPON ICON CLICK, CHANGE ICON IN SOME FASTION TO INIDCATE IT IS SELECTED, MAYBE CENTER ICON IN UPPER HALF 


//STRETCH
Upload picture functionality to be inputted on the AddATreeScreen and to be displayed on the ListItemDetailScreen / MyTreeDetailScreen. If no custom pic is provided, write function to display default pic based on the users "Type" input. If pear is in type user input, default pic to pear tree etc. 

Write comprehensive list of possible fruit trees. 

Think about adding profiles for users? 

Getting that "User is already signed in if you accidently hit login button twice". Way to eliminate


Likely rebrand the whole thing. 
- PDX Fruit Tree Finder
- Free Fruit Finder (FFF)
- Take Your Pick
- Gleaning the Hood
- Fruit for All

Once decided, make logo


COPY IDEAS//

//Layman explanation..
The Fruit Finder is a mobile application for Android and iOS which connects people to the pleniful fruit tree bounties in their neighborhood. The goal of The Fruit Finder is to document all fruit trees in the Portland area to provide fresh, delicious fruit to those in want and to prevent needless food waste.


The Fruit Tree Finder is a mobile application for both iOS and Android which connects users to the thriving bounties of food growing in their very neightborhood. Upon spinning up the app, the user will be shown a map populated by the fruit trees in their immediate area. The app will let users know where and exactly how far the tree is from their current location, as well as relevant information about the tree - what kind of fruit does the tree bear for example.


ACTUAL FRUIT TREES:

5330 gantenbein Cherry

Next Door to the above cherry tree - Santa Rosa Plum

417 Blandena - Low hanging, at the end of an alley way in a park. Delicious, Low hanging, high producing cherry tree.

4624 Haight. Large Curren bush that over hangs from the residence's fence. I pick them often, always fruitful.

4426 Haight. Large, high producing green apple tree. Lots go to waste. Saw neighbor hood kids throwing them on the ground for fun. 

3403 commercial. Classic North Portland Cherry Tree.

Skidmore and Commerical. Cherry Tree. 

527 N Skidmore. Cherry Tree.

Parking lot at PCC. Old, beatuful plum tree that bears hundreds and hundreds of delicious plums. Yellow Mirabelle Plums. 705 N Killingsworth St, Portland, OR 97217

Rodney and Failing. This corner has 5 unpruned plum trees growing. It may take some climbing skills to get at them as they are unmaintened, but the ones I was able to grab were delicious. 

Gantenben and Failling. Apple Tree. On the median outside the corner house. Houndred of apples.

3822 Commercial Plum tree. On the median outfront of the house.

3922 Apple Tree. On the median outfront of the house.

Albina Alley - Plum, 

Kerby ALley - Blackberry

N Fargo and N Williams - two low pruned easy to pick apple trees right in front of the abandoned pink house / 

N Cook and N Williams - well maintained healthy blackberry, all along the farm fence